README.md, before:


Installation information
=======

This template repository can be directly cloned to get you started with a new
mod. Simply create a new repository cloned from this one, by following the
instructions provided by [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).

Once you have your clone, simply open the repository in the IDE of your choice. The usual recommendation for an IDE is either IntelliJ IDEA or Eclipse.

If at any point you are missing libraries in your IDE, or you've run into problems you can
run `gradlew --refresh-dependencies` to refresh the local cache. `gradlew clean` to reset everything 
{this does not affect your code} and then start the process again.

Mapping Names:
============
By default, the MDK is configured to use the official mapping names from Mojang for methods and fields 
in the Minecraft codebase. These names are covered by a specific license. All modders should be aware of this
license. For the latest license text, refer to the mapping file itself, or the reference copy here:
https://github.com/NeoForged/NeoForm/blob/main/Mojang.md

Additional Resources: 
==========
Community Documentation: https://docs.neoforged.net/  
NeoForged Discord: https://discord.neoforged.net/

Commit message:

Renewed README.md and LICENSE.txt.

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This mod allows you to teleport to your friends and vice versa with cheat mode disabled, while preserving the teleport functionality.

We introduce four commands to implement the teleport function:

- /tpa \<player\>: Sends a request to \<player\> to teleport to their location
- /tpahere \<player\>: Sends a request to \<player\> to teleport them to your location
- /tpaccept: Accepts the teleport request.
- /tpdeny: Denies the teleport request.

Each player can only have one pending request at a time. New requests will replace existing ones. Each request expires after one minute.

# Requirements

- Minecraft: 1.21.1
- Mod loader: NeoForge (any versions)

# Installation information


This repository is based on MDK-1.21.1-ModDevGradle and can be directly cloned to your device.
After cloning, simply open the repository in your preferred IDE. We recommend using either IntelliJ IDEA or Eclipse.
If you encounter missing libraries in your IDE or other issues, you can run `gradlew --refresh-dependencies` to refresh the local cache, or `gradlew clean` to reset everything (this does not affect your code) and restart the build process.
